0:23--Once we look at our king even in the darkness, it seem like we have just seen a bright sunshine.
0:36--Just look at him, our heart are full with happiness. We press our two hands at the middle of our chess and prostate him with true feeling in our heart.
0:50--Look at him the one who has a kindness heart. The one who takes care of his citizen no matter where we are.
1:03--At the time that we are so weak or even lost hope. He seem to be the one who gives us a strong power through our mind.
1:11--This hidden feeling with power that can fullfil our weak heart. It reminds ourselves to be strong and still have a hope.
1:18--The king of our land. With his hidden magic from his two hands that can make each small sand becomes greatest land.
1:32--Me myself, I wish to lay my body and my heart here. I don't want to stay anywhere else.
1:38--I have already known that who is the one who make this land stay peaceful up until now.
1:46--Our king of our land. We know how lucky we are, just become a small single person of citizen in his land.
1:59--This land has given us a lot of things. We will always remember this with our true heart that this land is our life here.
2:34--The king of our land, just become a small citizen in this peaceful land. We know how lucky we are.
2:51--This land has given us a lot of things. We will always remember this with loyalty heart. This land is place for our life.
3:04--This land, the place that is a homeland and even a small heaven for us with full of happiness.
3:18--Every single reasons why we have all this things up until now, we will never and ever forget these.
3:39--The king of our land. With his hidden magic from his two hands that can make each small sand become greatest land.
3:52--Wherever each single sweat of him drop off.
3:58--It could be sure that, the place are going to full with happiness and get better life.
4:05--The king of our land. The one who we are so respect and we could depend on him for such a long time.
4:20--Since we have been young til now. We always remember all things that he had done. We stay under his kindness tree which make us a lot of happiness
4:33--This place which is our homeland and even a small heaven of happiness
4:45--We will always remember the reasons to make us full with happiness like this. We will never and ever forget about these things.